we are flying to Brooklyn New York we're
doing five shows at the beautiful
Brooklyn Academy of Music starting this
Monday and I and our friend Guillermo is
not here right now
because he's on the road he's traveling
to New York but it's not like you were
gonna get to touch him last night here
mo was in Atlanta and where he made the
local ABC News this time to stare out
prepare for the offseason but what's
next for the Braves and their manager
sports directors that Klein is next with
details I feel tonight on Jimmy Kimmel
Live Wow I'll get all that excitement
that's the he has the energy of a man
who hasn't eaten a vegetable in a week
so we are he camera is on a bus this is
his ride he's on the gear mold mobile or
the gear mobile as we call it and
tonight the gear mobile is in Chicago
[Applause]
hi how you knew all these wonderful
people you know if you're not familiar
with the Wiener circle it's a hotdog
place where the customers go and they
get insulted by the staff to staff yells
things at them right like ladies yes
what are your names ladies I'm have
alone and I'll Poochie okay Evelyn and
Poochie show us how you do it how you
insult the customers use using Guillermo
as your subject no prob okay whatever
you want whatever I want
yeah I want to make you legal Jimmy
Jimmy yeah what took you so long again
[Laughter]
have you ever heard the expression you
get more flies with honey
[Applause]
that's what they do what do you say
bingo Jimmy what's that when they're
single single we go on the bus would be
a more later yeah your name sound like a
std mother do you have any vegan wieners
or options that are gluten-free there at
Wiener circle cuz you two came up now no
Jimmy pay you will but not pulling on my
single all right gearbox who else who
else you have there with you at the
Wiener circle the guy in the Cubs
uniform he looks familiar to me Rena
oh we must Ronnie you should get on the
bus with Guillermo and do that the whole
way to Philadelphia well thank you so
much it looks like you guys are having a
lot of fun I'm gonna I'm gonna leave you
now but yes all right Ronnie this
baseball season is it's all
[Applause]
Guillermo will see in Philadelphia
tomorrow hi I'm Jimmy Kimmel an evil
wizard has trapped me inside this
YouTube video click subscribe to help me
escape